Kriegspiel was invented in the 1800s.  Historically, the game has required three parties: two competing players and one
referee.  Each player sits with a chessboard that is partitioned off so as not be seen by the others.  One player
controls the white pieces; the other controls the black pieces.  The referee keeps track of both sets of pieces.  Each
player has a full set of chess pieces.  He may position the opponent's pieces however he wishes on his own board (if at
all).  The players alternate moves as in a regular chess game, but instead of announcing their moves out loud, they
write the source and destination square of their desired play son a piece of paper and pass them to the referee, so that 
the move is not heard by the other player. The referee, who knows the location of all pieces, checks the legality of the move.  
If the move is legal, the referee makes the move on his own board and announces that a legal move has been made and that
it is the other player's turn to move.  If the move is illegal because it is blocked by an opponent's piece or would
place or leave the active player in check, the referee announces, "No."  There is no penalty for attempting an illegal
move.  The player continues to attempt moves until one finally succeeds.  If a player has no legal moves (because of
stalemate or checkmate), the referee announces the game's result.  With the advent of computers, it is convenient to
play the game over a network, with a computer acting as the referee.

The referee makes other announcements besides declaring move illegal, and there are several variations of the game that differ only in the
nature of these announcements.  All declarations by the referee are heard by both players.  Thus, for example, a player
will hear and know if her opponent has attempted an illegal move, and will thus know that her opponent's pieces are
configured in such a way as to allow at least one attemptable move that blocked or would leave him in check.  

The
referee announces when a player is in check.  (And again, this announcement is heard by both players.)  There is some
variation in what additional information is supplied in this case.  In one popular variant, the referee declares that
the player is in check "by rank," "by file," "by diagonal," or "by knight."  In the case of a diagonal attack, the
referee may announce whether the checking piece is along the long or short diagonal (from the king's perspective).  It
is possible to be in check by two pieces at the same time, in which case the direction of both attacks would be
declared.  In our implementation, for simplicity, the referee declares only that the player is in check, without
specifying the nature of the attack.

In the case of the capture, the referee announces the location of the piece that was captured, so that both players can
remove the piece from the board.  In some variations, the referee also announces whether the captured piece was a pawn
or non-pawn.  In our implementation, information about the captured piece is not explicitly provided to the player who makes the
capture.

Because there is no penalty for making illegal moves, it is often to a player's advantage to attempt to make moves which
are likely to be illegal, as hearing such declarations from the referee can provide important information to a player
about the location of the opponent's pieces.  In particular, since a diagonal move by a pawn is legal only the case
where such a move would capture an opponent's piece, it could potentially be profitable to attempt all or many pawn
captures on every turn.  In order to speed the game up, popular variants of the game require the referee to make some
kind of declaration at the beginning of a player's turn with respect to the pawn captures that are available.  This may
be as simple as declaring "Try" to indicate that at least one pawn capture is possible.  In our implementation, the
referee declares all possible pawn captures.

In the case of a pawn promotion, the player making the pawn advancement would secretly notify the referee as to which
piece (queen, rook, bishop, or knight) he would like.  To reduce the number of bits needed to specify a move, our
implementation assumes and allows only promotion to queen. 

In general, any move that is legal in a regular chess match may be at least attempted by a player in kriegspiel.  And any
kriegspiel move that is ultimately allowed by the referee would also be a legal move in chess.    

We assume
that a player may not attempt the same illegal move more than once per turn.  This means that if a player hears multiple
declarations from the referee that the opponent has attempted an illegal move, the player may assume that the opponent
has at least that many possibilities available to him.
 
Richards and Amir have proposed a 
